#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-tavily
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
bottleneck==1.6.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via streamlit
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
fonttools==4.60.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via streamlit
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.112.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
google-cloud-bigquery==3.37.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.36.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-tavily
langchain-community==0.3.29
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.76
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-tavily
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-google-vertexai==2.0.28
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-tavily==0.2.11
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.6.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.1
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.6.4
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.6
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.27
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==2.6.0
    # via altair
numexpr==2.12.1
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
numpy==2.3.3
    # via
    #   bottleneck
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   streamlit
orjson==3.11.3
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via langchain-community
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-tavily
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==2.1.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
streamlit==1.50.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tornado==6.5.2
    # via streamlit
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
validators==0.35.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via google-genai
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.24.0
    # via langsmith
